[upbeat hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
[Grown Kanan] Previously
on Raising Kanan...
[Lou-Lou] Crown Camacho's
check-writing days is done.
[Raq] Put it all on Crown,
everything.
The Feds is gonna dig deep.
Shit, for all we know,
they already watchin' you.
[camera shutter snaps]
[dealer]
You got our money or not?
Only reason this motherfucker's
still breathin'
is 'cause he said
you were good for it.
[Marvin] Yo, Gerald,
where you stay at?
I don't take nothin'
from her no more,
especially not
her fuckin' money.
You let Raq in this crib again,
I'm fucking you up.
[recruiter] I'm thrilled that
you're interested in enlisting,
but there is a process.
I need to get
out of Queens now.
I might have
this audition comin' up.
It's for a girl group.
I could use your help
gettin' ready for it.
[Lou-Lou]
Ain't even no question.
And you gonna run the table
on all them little bitches.
-[distant laughter]
-Break a leg, Polo girl.
Thanks.
-Uncle Lou not here?
-Fuck Lou.
This about you and you alone.
Yeah, but he has
the track I'm singin' to.
-[door closes]
-[Lou-Lou] Fuck.
My bad, Juke.
♪ A girl like me ♪
[organizer]
Thank you. That's enough.
So you want to use my drivers
to deliver weed?
[Kanan] Me and Famous'll handle
all the calls
and get your boys
the packages.
Now I gotta sit my ass
out there all day?
This weed's 'bout to make you
three times
what Paul is payin', Jevon.
You need any help
with findin' performers
or fuckin' with promotion,
I'm your guy.
Well, truth be told,
I could use help all over.
Raq makin' money off your back.
She different now, man.
[Stuart]
My client is motivated to sell.
Any offer I make
is gonna be straight cash.
Where is 'Nique?
Maybe he got himself
a side piece.
Fuck you, Ronnie.
[Raq] I don't want
no drama around me, 'Nique.
And you around me now.
I ain't tryin' to have no mess
comin' along with you.
[car door opens]
[dramatic music plays]
[Rileyy] ♪ I'm a hustler, baby
I'm a hustler, baby ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ Yeah, I know
Heartbreaks, setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch, if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs, you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure, man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make, make, make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money, Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em ♪
♪ Done shot
At the rest of 'em, yeah ♪
♪ Checks, I'm collectin' 'em ♪
♪ Check, boy
I'm finessin' 'em ♪
♪ Bag Supreme
Boy, you fuck around ♪
♪ Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ Before the weather break
You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it, they
Don't do it like we do it ♪
♪ Nah, cop it, whip it
Bag it, flip it ♪
♪ Re-up, we up
G'd up, what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck, hey ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
Ha ha. That's right.
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
[Rileyy and 50 Cent]
♪ And it's all right ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ That's how
We do it on this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to it
On this side ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks
Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch, if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs, you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure, man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
[Rileyy vocalizing]
[engine revving]
[siren wailing]
-[horn honks]
-[person] Hey, watch it!
[NWA'S "100 Miles
and Runnin'" plays]
[person] You don't really think
you're gonna get away, do you?
[tires screech]
[person] We haven't spotted them
yet,
but they're somewhere in the
immediate vicinity.
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
[MC Ren]
♪ 100 miles and runnin' ♪
♪ MC Ren, I hold the gun and ♪
♪ You want me to kill a
Motherfucker, and it's done ♪
♪ Since I'm stereotyped
To kill and destruct ♪
♪ Is one of the main reasons
I don't give a fuck ♪
♪ Chances are
Usually not good ♪
♪ 'Cause I freeze
With my hands on a hot hood ♪
♪ And gettin' jacked
By the you-know-who ♪
♪ When in a black and white
The capacity is two ♪
♪ We're not alone
We're three more brothers ♪
♪ I mean street brothers
Not wearin' medallions ♪
♪ Because we're not
Stupid motherfuckers ♪
[siren wailing, tires screech]
♪ ♪
[brakes screech, siren wails]
-[Grown Kanan] Speed overrated.
-Don't move. Don't move!
[Grown Kanan] Everyone
tryin' to be the fastest.
But you move too fast,
you make mistakes.
And you don't time
to fix them fuck-ups.
'Cause you movin' quicker
than you should already.
Speed don't mean shit,
if you don't know where
the fuck you goin'.
[Eazy-E]
♪ Stop, stop, stop, stop ♪
[Stuart]
Seeing as you've chosen
not to be represented
by your own broker,
I just want make sure
that you understand
that you are purchasing this
property as is, Ms. Thomas.
Any and all issues
that were revealed
in the inspection
are your responsibility.
I know.
We good.
-It's official, then.
-[papers thud on table]
You are the proud owner
of Southside Plaza.
I will get you these papers
within a week.
[keys jingle]
-Congratulations.
-Hmm. Thank you.
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter,
distant siren wailing]
What the fuck you gettin'
into now, Kanan?
[Kanan] Yeah,
it's just one of my friends
got caught up with some weed.
It's bullshit, man.
You know how they do us.
What's your friend's shit
got to do with you?
Kid ain't got no family.
I tried to go get him,
but they said I need
a parent or a guardian.
And I ain't neither. I ain't
even know this little nigga.
Just tell them you his uncle.
They not even checkin' nothin'.
[Lou-Lou]
What's his name again?
Jevon Baltazar.
Look, I don't know
what shit you doin', Kanan,
but I can tell it ain't good.
[Kanan sighs]
I'm just tryin' to help out
a friend, Uncle Lou.
[Lou-Lou]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Officers.
[Buckley] Well, Stuart told us
you just, uh, closed
on the property.
[Raq] I did.
Congratulations.
Sure you're gonna have
a lot of success here.
I'm Officer Buckley.
This is my partner,
Officer Roland.
Raquel Thomas.
You're on our beat now, Raquel.
So we wanted
to introduce ourselves
and let you know
that we're here
and always at your disposal.
This-this can be
a tough neighborhood.
Ah, there's vandalism.
There's property damage,
break-ins.
It's all par for the course.
[Roland] And we're
the first line of defense
against all that.
Sometimes we can even stop
those things from happenin'
before they happen.
[Buckley] Which is why
it's so important for us
to have a good and mutually
beneficial relationship
with local business owners
like yourself.
I'll keep that in mind.
How's your son
enjoyin' high school?
What you know about my son?
Oh, when Stuart told us that
you were buyin' the property,
we did a little research
on you.
[chuckles] Uh, it's nothin'
that we wouldn't do
for any of the folks that we
serve and protect in the area.
You know,
Officer Roland and I,
we, uh, coach a football team
for some of the kids
in the neighborhood.
If your son's ever interested,
we'd love to have him on board.
My son, he don't play football.
And if you don't mind,
I gotta go deal
with the property
I just bought.
-Got a lot of work to do.
-Of course.
Hey, you call us...
if there's ever any issues.
♪ ♪
Oh, and, uh, once again,
congratulations.
Now, there is nothing better
than having new energy
in the neighborhood.
♪ ♪
[blues rock music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
[person] I didn't expect it, you
know.
[indistinct chatter continues]
♪ ♪
What's the word, Pop?
Look at sexy-ass Urkel
up in this motherfucker.
Mm, mm, I heard you got out.
Mm. Aw.
Mm.
Damn, son, you got
them prison muscles.
They look good on you.
I always did like them
strong-silent-type niggas.
Of which I'm neither...
beggin' the obvious question,
what the fuck
are you doin' with me?
Wish I knew.
[chuckles]
Ahh.
Well... Yeah.
You don't look too much worse
for the wear.
♪ ♪
[scoffs]
My brother.
Come. Sit down.
[chuckles]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
-Yeah.
-Yes.
[indistinct chatter continues]
[people cheering]
[Unique]
It's a new business, Quân.
Gonna take a little minute
get the word out,
especially being
that we ain't got
no visibility
out on these streets.
My wife's cousin is tellin' me
that there's no business
at all.
Man, your cousin need
to settle the fuck down, man.
Rome wasn't built in no day.
We gotta build that awareness.
Same time,
we gotta be smart about it,
'cause too much attention
attracts the wrong kind
of attention.
Police?
Listen, Quân, if you
and your cousin ain't happy,
we could dead this shit
right here
and I'll get my work
somewhere else.
I'll give you some time.
See, I run my shit just like
your cousin run theirs.
Someone got a problem
with the food,
they get at the cook.
I'm the chef
around this motherfucker, man.
And my kitchen
run real hot, too.
So it's best everybody stay
the fuck up out my shit.
[indistinct chatter]
[bluesy music playing]
♪ ♪
I have always found
Unique to be, uh...
-reasonable and tho--
-[chair thudding]
Reasonable and thoughtful.
And if he is sayin'
to sit tight
while he's figurin' out
some things,
I would suggest...
that you give him time
to fashion a plan.
'Nique's plan's
bein' made by his dick.
He fuckin' the competition.
Who's your brother
fine ass smashin'?
Raq.
-[Snaps] Ah. [chuckles]
-Shit.
Ah, this business makes
for strange bedfellows,
right, baby?
[glasses clink]
Oh, we heard Raq
ain't in the game no more,
she shut all her shit down.
You ain't
in the game no more neither.
So how the fuck you know
what Raq doin'?
Hey.
[Pop] Because heads
come in here every day
to kiss the fuckin' ring.
They tell us they business
because of who the fuck we are
and what we done out here.
That's the very reason
why your socially
maladjusted ass
is here askin'
for counsel, nigga.
Look, you don't wanna wait
on 'Nique.
Get up yourself.
You know how it's done.
Ain't got funds.
[chuckles]
And this monosyllabic
motherfucker come in here
with his hand out, huh?
I made you money
back in the day, Snaps.
-Yeah?
-No, we gave you money
back in the day, Urkel.
And the shit
worked out for you.
[Snaps chuckles]
You know what, Ronnie? Why not?
We have made money
in the past together.
And more than that,
Pop and I believe
in assisting
the recently rehabilitated
get back on their feet,
don't we, baby?
[sighing] Shit. If you say so.
[Snaps] So we will make
a small investment
in your burgeoning enterprise.
But...
the lion's share's gonna come
from other sources.
So you givin' me the money?
[Pop] Some money, nigga.
You gotta get other fools
to throw in, too.
[Snaps]
And just so that we're clear,
we expect a regular return
on our investment, my brother.
♪ ♪
When you retired like us,
them monthly checks matter.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[door closes]
Hello.
I'm lookin' for, um, Gerald.
[indistinct chatter]
[telephone ringing]
[person] Yeah, yeah. Don't
worry, I got you, I promise.
[knock at door]
[Marvin]
Somebody like they caffeine.
Look who it is.
Nothin' else in there, right?
I keep it clean at work.
I was turning
my house upside down
looking for this stuff
before you called me.
Forgot to give it back to you
when I drove you home.
[Gerald] Probably better
that you held onto it anyway.
Way that night was going,
who knows
what would have happened to it?
Or me. [sighs]
I wanna thank you, Marvin,
again, for what you did for me,
for being there.
I didn't have
anywhere else to turn, and...
I knew you wouldn't judge me.
We friends, man.
Ain't never no judgment.
You in a tight spot,
just hit me.
That's how friendship work.
So, uh...
you, uh... [chuckles]
...you a reporter or some shit?
I'm an editor.
Mainly write about culture,
entertainment, and the arts.
Yo, fuck you know
about entertainment, Gerald?
Dress like a-a damn banker.
[Gerald chuckles]
Vestige of my dad.
Told me any real job requires
a coat and tie.
Stuck with me.
Entertainment, though?
You? You for real?
Yo, you wouldn't even know
the difference
between Ronnie Isley
and Ronnie Reagan.
Ronnie Reagan sings the hell
out of "Between the Sheets."
Just because I don't have
any hair
doesn't mean
I can't let it down.
[Marvin chuckles]
Yo, look, man...
it ain't my place,
and I don't get
into nobody else's business
'cause we all got demons.
But... [sighs softly]
...some demons
bigger than others.
I miss our group, Marvin.
I miss Renée.
Ah, me too.
I mean, I know all that
was for my other problem.
But also,
it helped with this one.
I felt less alone.
I felt like someone heard me.
We could...
we could have our own shit,
you know?
Just me and you.
I mean, keep each other
correct and shit.
What you think about that?
[soft music plays]
I mean, if you'd be willing
-to stick with me through all--
-Yo, fuck willin'.
I wanna do it.
Shit, I get as much out of it
as you.
I sincerely doubt that.
Man, get in here.
Bring it in, man.
-[Gerald] Thank you, Marvin.
-Doggone it.
[Gerald chuckles] Thank you.
[indistinct chatter]
[Tanner] Detective Howard.
Special Agent Tanner.
You know Detective Ogden,
Queens Narcotics.
No doubt.
What can I help you guys with?
You got a minute?
Yeah.
Gentlemen.
[indistinct chatter]
[door closes]
We're struggling
with this Crown Camacho angle,
Detective.
I'd love to hear your take.
He was everywhere, always.
I'm still tryin'
to wrap my head
around how much work
he had in these streets--
more than I even knew.
So you were unaware
of the operations
at the Baisley Projects
and South Jamaica Houses?
No fuckin' clue.
Of course, now we know
that he was payin' people off
to keep his shit quiet.
That's how it always is.
The most successful hustlers
the one's makin'
the most money,
they move real quiet.
All I heard
is he was a music guy.
Music is the new crack.
All these drug dealers,
they take their drug money,
they start a label,
they try to find
the next Run-D.M.C.
I mean, just the fact
that Crown was fuckin'
with the music,
tells you he was into all
kinds of other shit, man.
All this hangin' on a guy
they fished out of the Hudson
just seems real easy.
Sometimes shit seems easy
because it is.
You have any other
operating theories or suspects?
Thoughts more than theories.
[Tanner] Well...
we appreciate your help,
Detective.
By the way, where are they
with your shooting?
[ominous music plays]
Any progress?
It's kind of like Ogden
was sayin'--
-more thoughts than theories.
-Hmm.
Seems to be a recurring theme
in South Jamaica.
♪ ♪
Catch you later.
Looks like everything's
where it's supposed to be.
I have to ask you
a couple questions
before we take a blood sample.
Are you pregnant?
Have you ever been pregnant?
Do you plan
on becoming pregnant?
No.
Are you or have you been
sexually active?
No.
-[doctor] You sure?
-I'm sure.
You don't want to show up
to basic training
with a baby in your belly.
[scoffs]
That's not gonna happen.
Mm, if you say so.
-I say so. [scoffs]
-[object clatters]
[soft music plays]
♪ ♪
You messin' with other girls?
Hmm?
I mean,
you gone all the time now,
and I don't even know
where you go.
Yo, P, I'm just tryin' to enjoy
this sandwich, all right?
And I'm just tryin' to know
if you fuckin' other girls.
Look, all you need to know
is I'm takin' care
of you and our son.
'Nique, that's not enough.
[Unique] Fuckin' never enough.
Can't deal with this shit.
[Pernessa]
Who you fuckin', 'Nique?
Let her do your laundry, then.
Yeah, let her polish
your damn chains.
Let her take care of your
crazy, punk-ass brother!
[door slams]
[window whirring]
[indistinct chatter]
-[Kanan] You down in Flushing.
-[person] All right, man.
-This is my last delivery...
-[Raq] Kanan.
I'll talk to y'all later.
[Kanan sighs]
Who that?
My friends.
Your friends got pagers
and bikes now?
They do what they do.
So what you want, Ma?
[Raq] Only hear about you now.
Don't really see you no more.
Just wanted to put eyes on you
for a minute.
-Here I am.
-[school bell rings]
Now I gotta get back to school.
[indistinct chatter continues]
[metal detector beeps]
[dramatic music plays]
-[metal detector beeps]
-[guard] Yep.
-All right. You're good.
-[metal detector beeps]
♪ ♪
[metal detector beeps]
Yeah, let me see
your backpack.
[bingo caller]
Okay, ladies and gentlemen,
let's get ready
for your next number.
It is...
N-31.
-[players chattering]
-N-3-1.
All right, let's try again.
[hopper whirring]
And the next one is...
N-45.
N-4-5 has got to be a winner.
Set her up for me.
Got you. Come on, Grandma.
[bingo caller]
And the next is... I-29.
I-2-9.
Why you darkenin'
my doorstep, Ronnie?
I need work, Deen.
[bingo caller] Who's gonna be
a winner tonight?
[indistinct chatter]
G-50.
G-5-0.
Who's got it?
-[hopper whirring]
-Next number is...
-B-2, B-2.
-You come to the wrong place.
Not only am I out of
the business of South Jamaica,
but if your last name
is Mathis,
you're what I like to call
persona non grata.
Simply put, I don't fuck
with you and your brother.
-Does Unique know you're here?
-Ain't about him.
I got a little bit of money,
and I need this work.
You're not gonna find it here.
[bingo caller] That table?
I'm not the nigga
you say no to.
-[gun cocks]
-[bingo caller] All right...
And I'm not the nigga
you put your hands on.
[suspenseful music plays]
You don't run me, Ronnie.
I run you.
And I will run yo' ass
into the fucking ground.
So you supply my brother
but you play me to the left?
All your brother work
comes from some Colombians
up in Washington Heights--
Nariños, Raq's connect,
nothin' to do with me.
Like I said,
I have no business
on the Southside.
And I definitely have
no business with you.
♪ ♪
Get his ass outta here.
[Efrem clears throat softly]
Let's go.
[bingo caller] Good one.
-G-48.
-Let's go.
[bingo caller] G-48.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter on TV]
[knock at door]
[chatter continues]
I'll get it.
[slurps]
Glad to see
you answer your door,
'cause you sure as hell
don't answer your phone.
Congratulations, Jukebox.
I made the group?
Now, I know I ain't drive
all the way out to Queens
to tell you you not in it,
so, yes, you made it.
Yes. Yes, yes.
Oh, come-come in.
[exhales sharply]
[Famous] What you need?
Quarter?
Ah, I'll-I'll send
one of my best guys.
-I'll get him to you soon.
-[pager vibrates]
Yeah, word. Word.
God damn it. This phone don't
ever stop fuckin' ringin'.
Barely got time
to page these niggas.
We gonna need a switchboard
or somethin'.
Yeah, we gonna get
a answering service.
-[pager vibrates, phone rings]
-God damn.
Yo. Yo, what you need?
[knock at door]
-Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
-[Kanan] Shit.
[Famous] Yeah, I got you.
-[knock at door]
-Hold on!
[knocking continues]
[hip-hop music playing]
[Kanan] Yo. What--
♪ ♪
[sighs]
-[lock clicks]
-[Paul] Hey, hey.
I'm losin' drivers, man.
They're either not takin'
jobs from me
and just workin' for you,
or they're bouncin' altogether
because they don't want
nothin' to do
-with this fuckin' weed shit.
-[Kanan] Yo.
What the fuck is--
Look, you said that you were
gonna make me more money--
más, mucho más--
but I am losing money
because I don't have
any fucking couriers
to run
my actual fucking business.
All right,
let me get you somethin'
to help you out with that.
♪ ♪
Okay, I mean, you know,
this is--
Hmm?
Okay, I mean, you know,
this doesn't solve my problem.
I understand.
But it'll hold you over
for now, right?
We gettin' more drivers.
And we'll talk to the boys
about they hours with you.
I hear you, and I understand.
[Famous] I'll give you one
of my best guys.
Okay, just listen to me,
all right?
I can't have you fuckin' up
my real work, Kanan,
because, you know, like,
after you're gone,
I still need a job.
I ain't goin' nowhere, Paul.
[phone rings]
-Okay.
-[Famous] Hello?
-[Famous] Yeah, where you at?
A half? A'ight.
Yeah, I got that.
Thirty minutes?
A'ight, word.
♪ ♪
We have
an experienced team in place
to help train, style,
and market the girls.
There's a formula
for success here
and I know what it is.
Listen, my daughter gonna be
exactly who she is, though.
I mean, Juke gonna be Juke.
I don't care
what your people say.
She ain't changin' for no one.
[N'Kiyah] Oh, we want Jukebox
to be herself
right down to her name.
We got three girls--
a diva, a girl next door,
and Jukebox, our tomboy.
[Marvin] Y'all really got
this shit down to a science.
Well, what you think, Juke?
[inhales deeply] Yeah.
[exhales deeply]
I-I think yeah.
[indistinct chatter]
[soft tense music plays]
♪ ♪
Whatever, man.
I'll catch you later.
-A'ight, nigga. Later.
-A'ight. You know this.
♪ ♪
[camera shutter snapping]
I am officially
on fuckin' vacation.
Shit.
-Mm-mm-mm.
-[lighter clatters]
[muttering to self]
♪ Borderline famous
No, I'm not nameless ♪
♪ F-A-M-O-U-S ♪
♪ Ain't no way
You gon' tame this ♪
Yeah, I like that. Like that.
♪ I don't see
No competition, sick ♪
♪ I'm the type that make
The doctor listen, bitch ♪
[knock at door]
-Who is it?
-Raq.
Shit.
K-Kanan's not here.
I ain't playin'
with you today, Famous.
-Open up the fuckin' door.
-Shit.
[exhales deeply]
Kanan said not to let
you in the--
What you doin' in here?
-Writing.
-Mm-hmm.
And smokin'.
That's comin'
from the neighbor's place.
Yeah, well, it looks
like you neighbor
forgot his blunt in your crib.
[Famous] Look...
Kanan told me not to let you
come up in here again.
Miss Raq!
You don't see nothin',
you don't know nothin',
and you ain't sayin' nothin'.
Don't wanna get in the middle
of family business, papito.
[grunts softly]
-[bills thud]
-Fuck.
[indistinct chatter]
Oh, shit.
There she go. That's...
Yo, Juke 'bout to get
all TLC up in here.
Ahh!
Keep that shit to yourself.
Fuck all that.
I want everybody to know.
My cousin
'bout to blow the fuck up.
-Okay.
-[Kanan chuckles]
So, obviously, my dad told you.
Marvin plannin' a parade
down Jamaica Avenue right now.
[both chuckle]
Yo, fuck this pizza shit.
You goin' home.
You gonna put
some nice shit on.
I'm takin' you to B. Smith's.
Okay, where did you get
the money for B. Smith's?
I already made
the reservation, Juke.
We gonna be late.
How you payin' for it, Kanan?
I been savin' up for
a rainy day and a celebration.
This is it.
So go home.
Come on, change clothes.
You don't need to do all this.
[Kanan] Ah, Juke, how often
does good shit like this
happen to us?
How many times
do people like us
get blessings like these?
We celebratin'.
I want people to see.
I want people to know
that we got shit
to be happy about
over here in Southside, too.
[hip-hop music playing]
♪ ♪
How much time I got?
[Kanan] Gotta hurry, girl.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Guess Juke ain't need me
at the audition anyway.
Shit.
She probably better off
without me.
When you give a kid
your word on somethin',
you follow through.
You don't fake like you did.
If you say you gonna do
somethin', you do it.
You know, the last thing
I ever wanna do
is hurt my niece
or disappoint her.
It ain't worth goin'
into the specifics.
Just know that I know
that I fucked up.
And I feel fucked up about it.
Yo, Lou,
yo, man, she turnt
that shit out.
She killed it! She murdered it!
[chuckles]
See? Talent always wins, baby.
Yeah.
Yo, and that work
you did with her,
it made a difference.
I mean, I gave you shit,
but turns out you might know
a little somethin' about this
music thing after all.
I hate to admit that.
I really do.
Yeah, I know you do.
You got some time tonight?
I hope you not thinkin'
you gonna turn me
into a singer, too,
'cause you remember my solo
on "Peace Be Still"
back in eighth grade.
Nigga, I just got my hearing
back from that shit.
Nah, I-I-I got this thing
I want you to see in Manhattan.
Maybe we could work together,
make some money.
You know I'm always up
for makin' money.
Let me change these clothes up.
We can get on.
Yeah, uh, you might want to hit
that shower, too.
[sniffs]
Oh, yeah, that drunk-tank stink
stay on a nigga.
Yeah, that's-that's why you--
that's why you shower it off.
Fuck you, Paco Rabanne.
[scoffs]
[mellow jazz music plays]
[indistinct chatter, laughter]
♪ ♪
[Jukebox] Ooh. [scoffs]
The mac and cheese
is 20 damn dollars.
For $20, that shit
better change my life.
[Kanan laughs]
Whatever. Fuck that.
You changin' your life
all on your own.
I always knew it'd happen
for you like this.
For real.
[indistinct chatter continues]
Shit, that's why
I used to scream and cry
like a little bitch
whenever you went over
your friends' house
when we was young.
I always just knew
somebody else
was gonna figure out
how great you are,
take you away from me forever.
♪ ♪
Nobody's takin' me
away from you, Kanan.
♪ ♪
I'm proud of you, girl.
Love you.
I love you, too.
♪ ♪
[glasses clink]
[silverware scraping]
Deen said Ronnie came through.
My brother lookin'
for his own work. Hmm.
And Ronnie must've talked
a whole lotta shit
for Deen to hit me about it,
'cause Deen ain't got
no love for me.
I thought you was puttin'
Ronnie on?
I ain't find nothin'
for him yet.
You know, the type of thing
Ronnie good for
is real specific.
And the shit he bad for
ain't specific at all.
[jazz music playing]
♪ ♪
[Shirley]
Like I told your brother,
I was a big E-Train fan...
[chuckles]
...just like every other
warm-blooded woman
that crossed his path.
Except our moms.
Dad never could get her to join
that particular fan club.
Yeah, but we ain't sure
Moms is warm-blooded.
[scoffs] Yo, um, so Lou
was talkin' to me
about puttin' some money
into the spot,
you know, and-and bringin' it
up to date,
blowin' it up a little bit.
Oh. Well, we hadn't talked
about that, but...
certainly, I'm open
to the conversation.
[Lou-Lou] I'm just thinkin'
that some of the things
that need changin'
might need some investment.
[Marvin] And I don't know shit
about the business,
but I trust my baby brother,
and I think he might have
an idea of what to do here.
[Shirley] Well...
I'll be equally honest
with you both.
At most...
I figure I've got about
two years left doin' this.
I am too old and tired
to be breakin' up fights
and throwin' drunks
out the door.
I would like nothing more
than to work
with some young guys like you
who can reimagine it
and-and rebuild it
and take it over when I'm gone.
♪ ♪
Hmm.
I can't lie, though, it...
it ain't much to look at
right now.
[Shirley, laughing] Whoa.
I'll have you know
that that stage has been graced
by everyone from Lou Reed...
to Herbie Hancock...
to Mose Allison.
Yeah, and I'll have
you know that...
uh, I don't know who the fuck
any of them are.
Herbie Hancock
fucked with "Rockit,"
the instrumental joint
you like?
With the--with the--
uh, with the robots and shit.
-Ah.
-[Lou-Lou] Plus, there's--
there's also, uh,
a space in the back
where I could set up a studio,
get some of these acts on wax.
[chuckles]
Fuck it. I'm in.
Let's do the damn thing.
Café Vous.
-[Lou-Lou] To Café Vous.
-[Shirley] Café Vous.
[indistinct chatter]
[Ronnie] Need to talk to them
right quick.
-[Jeronimo] No.
-Yo! I'm Unique's brother.
Let him through.
Your brother's
not a popular person here.
What's your name?
-Ronnie.
-[Juliana] What do you want?
Product.
I wanna make you some money.
We're not interested.
[Ronnie]
Don't know what my brother did,
and it don't matter.
If 'Nique's a problem,
we can figure that out.
Problems always got solutions.
Good luck to you.
Time to go.
I ain't 'Nique.
[Joaquin] Juliana...
[tense music plays]
[car door closes]
♪ ♪
[Raq sighs]
Kanan comin' home soon.
Word?
You two work it out?
I'm tryin'.
[soft music plays]
♪ ♪
'Nique.
I can't have no wildness
around me and my son, 'Nique.
I told him I was out,
so I guess I gotta be out.
What I'm tellin' you is,
you know, you and me, we in--
we in different places
right now.
And it don't feel good
to say, but...
I think we gotta pump
the brakes, press pause.
I get it.
I mean, we just kickin' it
anyway, right?
Nothin' more, nothin' less.
♪ ♪
That's what I'm sayin'.
I guess we good, then.
We always gonna be good.
Gonna remind you of that
next time we beefin'
over blocks.
[Raq chuckles]
Them days is over for me.
I don't know if you sayin' that
for you or for me.
You know, I can't tell neither.
[both chuckle]
♪ ♪
One last time, then.
Okay.
Shall we?
♪ ♪
[school bell rings,
indistinct chatter]
-[metal detector beeps]
-[person] What's up, baby?
Good?
-[metal detector blaring]
-Oh.
What?
What the fuck?
Step to the side.
[blaring continues]
The machine is broken, man.
A'ight? I ain't even got
nothin' on me.
[sighing]
Just my books for school, man.
See? Told you.
[sighs]
[students clamoring]
[guard]
You told me what, again?
What the fuck? That ain't mine.
Why is it in your book bag?
Turn around. Put your hands
behind your back.
[Kanan] I'm not puttin'
my hands behind my--
Yo! What the--Nah, somebody
put that shit in there, man!
Yo! What the fuck, man?
[handcuffs clicking,
excited chatter]
[dramatic music plays]
[Krystal] ♪ And it leaves me
feeling empty ♪
♪ With this hollow chord ♪
♪ Make it like it was ♪
♪ The way you used to be ♪
♪ When I hungered
for your love ♪
♪ Constantly ♪
Boombox, right?
Jukebox.
You good with harmony?
'Cause they're gonna want you
-to follow my lead.
-[door opens]
-I don't know. Maybe.
-[Iesha] Hey, y'all.
I'm Iesha.
You're Krystal,
and you're Jukebox.
I already asked N'Kiyah
who else made it.
Shit. I didn't even think
about anyone else.
Yo, Polo girl.
-Mint girl.
-[chuckles]
[indistinct chatter]
[door opens]
[Kanan scoffs]
You gotta be kiddin' me
with this, Kanan.
It's not even mine.
You just can't help yourself.
You both can go in
to meet with Dr. West now.
[Kanan grunts]
-It's not.
-Mm-hmm.
[Kanan sighs]
No, I don't know how it
got in the bag, Dr. West.
I swear to God.
I remember not too long ago
sitting right here
with you and your mother
and encouraging you
to apply to Stuyvesant.
Yeah, I remember that, too.
And look where we are now.
I'm tellin' you,
somebody put that in my bag.
-[Raq scoffs]
-I'm not lyin' neither.
[West] If there's
any saving grace here,
and it's not much at all,
it's that the gun
didn't have ammunition.
Look...
I'm not trying to explain
anything away at all, Dr. West.
I'm just as disappointed
in my son as you are.
But recently our family
had some violence visit us.
Could be that Kanan was just
tryin' to protect himself.
What?
Ma, it's not mine.
[West] I'm aware of this.
And, frankly, it's the reason
why I called you in
rather than simply having
the police take
Kanan into custody.
And I appreciate that, truly.
And I'm sorry about
what happened at your home.
The world's gone mad.
Dr. West, that gun
does not belong to me.
[Raq] Then whose is it,
Kanan, hmm?
I don't know.
It was in your bag.
It can't be anybody else's
but yours.
[West] By law, I'm obligated
to alert the police
about the seizure of a weapon
on school grounds.
But fortunately for you,
someone
in the police department
-is looking out for you.
-[Raq sighs]
[West] They've agreed
not to press charges.
Instead, they're going to let
the ACS handle the situation.
Praise God.
A social worker
will contact you
in the next 24 to 48 hours.
And over the next six months,
they will conduct
random visits with you both
to check not only
on Kanan's progress
but also the suitability
of the living conditions
within your home.
If you violate the terms
put forth by the social worker,
most likely some sort of curfew
and a regular, detailed
accounting of your whereabouts,
you'll be sent
to juvenile court,
where this weapons charge
will be filed.
I wanna be clear, Kanan,
it's not just you who
could face prosecution here.
They could file charges
against your mother.
And I know you don't want that.
[sighs]
[hip-hop music playing]
So I'm really
into, like, Native Tongues.
-You know them?
-Mm-hmm.
You got Tribe,
Jungle Brothers, De La?
I mean, De La Soul is Dead
is, like, my favorite album
-of all time.
-[door opens]
There's a lot of tracks
on that one.
Yeah, and they all so dope.
[N'Kiyah] All right, ladies,
gather up around me, please.
I'm excited.
And you should be, too.
But make no mistake about it,
you're here to work,
and it's not gonna be easy,
but if you dedicate
yourself to it,
if you push yourself farther
than you ever thought
you could,
it will be worthwhile.
The name of the group
is Butta...
-with an A.
-[Iesha chuckles]
Now, we focus-grouped
a number of possible names,
and far and away this one got
the best response.
I don't know if I like it.
And I don't care.
[snaps fingers]
I don't care
if you like the name,
if you like me,
if you like the weather.
This is not
a democracy, ladies.
You do what I tell you to do,
or you go back
to where you came from.
As far as you're concerned,
I'm God.
There's no one above me,
not you...
not your parents,
not your boyfriends.
Now, you all may sing
in different voices,
but the only voice
in your head is mine.
I'm your north star,
your guiding light,
your pot of gold
at the end of the rainbow.
I'm everything.
You nothin'.
[dramatic music plays]
You nothin' until I tell you
you somethin'.
Now, not long from now,
we'll be showcasin' Butta
to executives
from the biggest record labels
in the industry.
If they like what they see,
we'll be in a studio
within two weeks
and out on tour
within three months.
If they don't like you,
Butta is just another baby
that never should've been born.
Until then,
today's the first day
of your new job.
♪ ♪
Let's get to work.
[snaps fingers]
♪ ♪
[Kanan]
Ma, that gun ain't mine.
Why would I ever
believe you, Kanan?
You don't live at home no more.
You got new friends,
and we don't even talk.
I can't believe you
because I don't even know you.
Whatever, Ma. I'm goin' home.
[Raq] And by goin' home,
I know you mean
you comin' back to our home,
the one you and me supposed
to be livin' in together.
Look, you heard what she said
in there just like I did.
I ain't catchin' no case
behind your bullshit.
This shit's
not even negotiable.
You comin' home with me,
and there ain't no two ways
about it.
Get your ass in the car.
[car door opens, closes]
[chair scrapes]
[door opens, closes]
So what Deen talkin' 'bout?
-Deen who?
-Don't fuck with me, Ronnie.
I know you rolled up on him.
♪ ♪
I ain't seen
that nigga in years.
[Unique scoffs]
That's funny,
'cause, you know,
Deen told me himself
that you came by lookin'
for work.
So, what, you callin'
a nigga a liar?
♪ ♪
I said what I said.
You know what?
You ain't shit, Ronnie.
You ain't shit.
♪ ♪
[breathes deeply]
This on you and nobody else.
But I am happy
to have you home.
[footsteps departing]
[somber music plays]
♪ ♪
It's like I was sayin',
we can set the mic up
in the middle of the room...
...put my boy right here.
We get the right clientele
up in here,
we can move a lot of work.
I mean, spot's nasty,
but it's gots potential.
We can't have that shit
in here, man.
That's her, not me.
I'm not talkin' about her.
I'm talkin' 'bout me.
I-I-I need to get paid, too.
You gonna get paid off the door
and the drinks
and the artists
that we break in here.
I'm asking you...
let the club alone.
Don't dirty it up
with that shit.
Don't dirty me up.
Fine.
Cruddy-ass white fools in here
probably ain't got
no real money anyway.
But you better be waterin'
them drinks down
somethin' fierce, nigga,
'cause I been watchin'
old Shirley,
and she do
some deep fuckin' pours.
I'm on it.
[scoffs]
[Howard]
It's only so many times
I can cover for the boy, Raq.
I mean, takin' a gun to school?
-That shit's outrageous.
-He was just scared.
[Howard] That's on you.
You brought all this shit
into his life.
And the Feds...
they still got questions
about Crown.
They ain't buyin' it.
So you best believe
they still got eyes on you.
And if they got eyes on you,
they got eyes on Kanan.
They can look all they want.
Ain't got shit to see.
[inhales deeply]
Look, I gotta go make dinner.
You know, you did a good thing,
helpin' your kid out
with that shit at school.
Did I?
Hey, yo, I ain't takin'
your calls no more.
You gotta start figurin'
this shit out on your own.
♪ ♪
[announcer] ...in our
Sweep of Champions.
-[Deen] Hey, Grandma.
-[keys clang]
[announcer]
On a Big Sweep before...
[Deen] What you watchin' here?
Ah, favorite show.
[announcer] And here they are
competing again.
Do second chances
ever pay off?
-Well, we have...
-[Deen] So...
they did not have your vanilla.
But...
I got your second best,
strawberry.
-Oh.
-[Deen] Okay?
Crack that for you.
Here you go.
And...
we got the, uh, batteries
for your hearing aid, too.
So I'ma change
that out for you.
[Grandma chuckles, announcer
continues indistinctly]
All right. There we go.
Hey, you gonna miss
the funniest part.
[chuckles]
[announcer] ...towards
her second shopping list item.
[host]
Now, at the end of the sweep,
we'll find out how much...
Everybody remember,
at the end of the Big Sweep,
the bell will ring,
and you must stop shopping
and head back.
The team whose runner
has swept up the most money
in merchandise and
bonus prizes wins the game...
[continues indistinctly]
[ominous music plays]
♪ ♪
On your mark, get set, go!
[announcer speaking
indistinctly on TV]
♪ ♪
[blade plunges]
Shouldn't have run
your mouth, nigga.
[both breathing heavily]
♪ ♪
[body thuds]
[Grown Kanan] First rule of the
street
and everybody know it:
Don't stench it.
Don't talk about nothin' that
ain't yours to talk about.
And it ain't even about what you
say though,
it's about what you hear.
I never liked being around no
niggas who talk.
'Cause if they gappin' off about
some other fool's business,
you could be damn sure
they talkin' the same shit
about yours.
Shit real simple,
don't hear nothin',
won't be nothin'.
[chuckles]
[announcer] And that's smart
'cause they really add up.
And Tim's finding a big box
of delicious cheddar cheese.
[continues indistinctly]
[Ice Cube] ♪ Goddamn
It's a brand-new payback ♪
♪ From the straight
Gangsta mack ♪
♪ In straight gangsta black ♪
♪ How many motherfuckers
Gotta pay? ♪
♪ Went to the shelf
And dusted off the AK ♪
♪ Caps gotta get peeled ♪
♪ 'Cause the nigga
You love to hate ♪
♪ Still can kill at will ♪
♪ It ain't no pop
'Cause that sucks ♪
♪ And you can new jack swing
On my nuts ♪
♪ Down with the niggas
That I bail out ♪
♪ I'm platinum, bitch, and
I didn't have to sell out ♪
♪ "Fuck you, Ice Cube"
That's what the people say ♪
♪ Fuck America
Still with the triple K ♪
♪ 'Cause you know
When my nine goes buck ♪
♪ It'll bust your head ♪
♪ Like a watermelon dropped
From 12 stories up ♪
♪ Now let's see who'll drop ♪
♪ Punk motherfuckers
Tryin' to ban hip-hop ♪
♪ Fuck R&B
And the runnin' man ♪
♪ I'm the one that stand
With the gun in hand ♪
♪ Make sure before you buck
With duck quick, punk ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm the wrong nigga
To fuck with, fuck with ♪
♪ ♪
[person] I'ma let y'all know
one thing, man.
[Ice Cube] ♪ Hell, yeah
It's on, you better tell 'em ♪
♪ Ice Cube, and I'm rolling
With the motherfuckin' L.M. ♪
♪ It's the number-one crew
In the area ♪
♪ Make a move for your gat
And I'll bury ya ♪
♪ Ashes to ashes
Dirt to dirt ♪
♪ Punks roll
When I put in work ♪
♪ 'Cause Lench Mob niggas
Are the craziest ♪